[Bulk] Broken Link fixes (#878)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: biztalk/install-and-config-guides/known-issues-in-installation-configuration-and-deployment.md

 The HOSTS file is located in the %systemroot%\drivers\etc\ directory.

> [!NOTE]

> >  For more information about the Microsoft Malware Protection Center signature update that addresses a possible threat from SettingsModifier:Win32/PossibleHostsFileHijack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  For more information about a possible threat from the malware named **SettingsModifier:Win32/PossibleHostsFileHijack**, see [Microsoft Security Intelligence page about this threat](https://www.microsoft.com/wdsi/threats/malware-encyclopedia-description?name=SettingsModifier%3AWin32%2FHostsFileHijack&threatid=265754) and [Microsoft Support page about "Hosts file is detected as malware in Windows Defender](https://support.microsoft.com/topic/hosts-file-is-detected-as-malware-in-windows-defender-4320fa8b-0d54-1129-db85-61f095144521).
```
